{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2636
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;
\f3\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Oblique;\f4\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red22\green25\blue31;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c11373\c12941\c16078;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;
}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12600\viewh7800\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
[4.11.2020]\
How to edit RP3 Website\
\
Go here: \
https://rp3.spieleschreiber.de/wp-admin\
\
buzzybee\
wendeTTa2175\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0
\cf0 ###########\
[27.8.2010]\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf0 rp3high.spieleschreiber.de\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 How to edit highscore ranking website \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs26 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
https://rp3high.richard-loewenstein.de/mysql_db_adm_script/\
Login - Adminer\
rp3high.richard-loewenstein.de\
\
\
$dbuser="rp3high";\
$dbpw="5T7smd&8";\
\
\
datenbank hei\'dft auch rp3high\
\
##########\
\
SUPPORT OF UNITHOR STICK\
\
From Email by Marcin of Uni-Joy / 28.3.2022: \
\
"
\f2\fs24 \cf0 \cb1 We are controlling motor and LEDs by pin 5 and 9 of Amiga joystick port. We switch their state by \cf4 POTGO ($ DFF034) register. Controlling tooks advantage of fact that Amiga`s pins 5 and 9 had two functions (modes) and you can have 0 or 3,6V depanding on actual mode. For non system procedures there is no library needed"
\f1\fs26 \cf2 \cb3 \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 ###########\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 [26.8.2020]\
How to decode RESHOOT PROXIMA 3 highscore entry code\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f3\i \cf0 Fixed values
\f0\i0  are written curved\

\f4\b Variable values
\f0\b0  are written fat\
\
Example code: OWJ (result: 203)\
\
\
#Decoding and printing actual score from manually entered code\
\
ATTN:  Leftmost char 
\f3\i O
\f0\i0  carries checksum ONLY! Do not use it to decode actual score\
ATTN: Only use 
\f3\i WJ
\f0\i0  to decode actual score\
\
0. Begin reading at the rightmost digit: \
1. Read 
\f3\i J
\f0\i0 , sub 
\f3\i 65
\f0\i0  = 
\f4\b 9
\f0\b0 . Add 
\f3\i 9
\f0\i0  to checksum.\
2. Read 
\f3\i W
\f0\i0 , sub 
\f3\i 65
\f0\i0  = 
\f4\b 22
\f0\b0 . Add to checksum (
\f4\b 9+2=31
\f0\b0 ). Multiply 
\f4\b 22
\f0\b0  with 
\f3\i 23
\f0\i0  = 
\f4\b 506
\f0\b0 . Add to result of 1. = 
\f4\b 515
\f0\b0 .\
3. Decimal 
\f4\b 515
\f0\b0  translates to 
\f4\b 203
\f0\b0  in hexadecimal bcd format. Output as \'84
\f4\b 203
\f0\b0 \'93\
\
\
#Decoding the checksum\
\
0. Calc 
\f4\b 31
\f0\b0  / 
\f3\i 23
\f0\i0  = 1 remainder 
\f4\b 8
\f0\b0  \
1. Use remainder, use formula: 
\f3\i 22
\f4\i0\b  - 8 = 14. 
\f0\b0 22 is a fixed value!\
2. Add 
\f4\b 14
\f0\b0 +
\f3\i 65
\f0\i0  (\'84A\'93 in ASCII-Table) = 
\f4\b 79
\f0\b0  = 
\f4\b O
\f0\b0  in ASCII-Table\
3. Compare result of 2. to value of leftmost digit. O = O = true: entered code is fine!\
\
######################\
\
\
[24.8.2020]\
Working with samples\
\
* 	Codeversion 24.8.2020 xml-importcode reads .wav and .iff and converts both to usable format. Digital samples not going through xml-import need conversion to signed 8 bit mono audio though\
*	Use oddcast (ttsdemo.com) to create speech for rp3\
*	Choose Alienspeech at upper bar, voice: troll, effect:phase for bad guy\
*	Choose human voice at upper bar, voice: Susan, effect: phase for hero\
*	Try alternatives when writing text. Example: "And so ,Arinn, reached the outer rim"\
*	Record voice with Chrome Audio Capture\
* 	Use Twisted Wave to easily cut and convert .wav-data\
* 	Use Audacity to convert .wav to signed 8 bit audio if needed. Export as .iff / signed 8 bit PCM\
Sources:\
https://twistedwave.com/online\
https://freesound.org/\
https://ttsdemo.com/\
\
\
########################\
\
Dont break the chain - how to keep your productivity flowing\
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mIPmjnsCPR4\
\
}