{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana-Bold;\f4\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red6\green6\blue6;\red255\green255\blue255;\red135\green135\blue135;
\red97\green97\blue97;\red222\green224\blue230;\red47\green49\blue51;\red11\green76\blue180;\red0\green0\blue0;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c1961\c1961\c1961;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c60000\c60000\c60000;
\cssrgb\c45490\c45490\c45490;\cssrgb\c89412\c90196\c92157;\cssrgb\c24314\c25098\c25882;\cssrgb\c1961\c38824\c75686;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;
}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12600\viewh15020\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
\
\
\
\
Escalation Font: \
Another Danger\
Designed by The Branded Quotes\
Category: Scary\
https://www.urbanfonts.com/fonts/Another_Danger.font\
\
\
Mini-Startup and Nonvolatile-Code\
Stingray\
\
RandomSeed-Code\
Dan Scott\
\
Multibutton-Controller-Code\
Asman\
\
Kraken Anim Controller Optimization\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
robinsonb5
\f0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
Linefiller Code\
Niklas Ekstrom\
\
Check out this: \
ZPF \
\
\
\
\
Creator of mothership (Mandrill Pixel)\
https://twitter.com/MandrillPixel/status/1437119478244970499/photo/1\
\
\
\
Cloudtesting via Antstream (Post auf LinkedIn)\
\
https://advanced-television.com/2022/01/11/indie-developers-flock-to-antstream-arcade/\
\
Comment of Sascha-Manuel Reuter, who apparently did cloudtests already:   \
https://www.linkedin.com/feed/update/urn:li:activity:6887419554906046464?commentUrn=urn%3Ali%3Acomment%3A%28activity%3A6887419554906046464%2C6887511151819681793%29&replyUrn=urn%3Ali%3Acomment%3A%28activity%3A6887419554906046464%2C688751\
6743653314560%29\
\
\
Inspirational games: \
\
Cho Ren Sha 68K\
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3HO5aMd1Osk\
\
Zero Ranger\
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q8fsyTSj-U0&t=1662s\
\
DoDonPachi\
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7A04cCcw3k0\
\
\
Zitate: \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs30 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
" Ich glaube, dass ich seit 20 Jahren kein Game mehr mit so viel Begeisterung gezockt habe..." Sebastian Greiner, auf Facebook. \
\
\
Interview mit Abyss (compile Amiga.exe in C)\
https://tarnkappe.info/artikel/interviews/abyss-making-of-tiny-bobble-tiny-galaga-tinyinvaders-tinyus-186334.html\
\
\
Reference product:\
https://store.steampowered.com/app/809020/ZeroRanger/\
\
\
Kontakte: \
\
ziggurat interactive (Retro Publisher)\
\
\
\
\
Youtubers and Streamers: \
Dan Wood, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0Vivn-ek8WY\
Kim Justice, https://www.youtube.com/c/KimbleJustice\
TheGebs, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hsga1IzqI10\
\
Verpackung: \
https://hofa-shop.com/erp/shop__DVDPAC,%206%20Seiten,%201%20Tray__11111::324::337::344::522;jsessionid=F41AFAB3418E1E5D9FCDDF9A59CDE5CB::a10069\
\
https://www.omcgmbh.de/verpackungen/digipak\
\
\
\
\
\uc0\u8232 Bitwave Game (Modern Retro Game Studio/Embracer)\
https://www.bitwavegames.com/\
\
Jung von Matt NERD (Marken-Partnerschaften. Shoot-em-Up mit IP?)\
https://www.jvm.com/de/agencies/jvm-nerd/\
\
Chris Zuckowski (Setting up Steam-Page; Marketing f\'fcr Indies; siehe LinkedIn)\
https://www.progamemarketing.com/p/visibility-and-wishlist-masterclass\
\
Investgame (\'dcbersicht \'fcber Games Investoren)\
https://investgame.net/investors/\
\
Media-Berichte: \
https://dragonbox.de/de/buecher/retrobox-ausgabe-1.html\
\
Prerendered Animations and Rigging (for free?)\
https://www.mixamo.com/#/\
\
Creating a Community from Scratch (Steam)\
https://youtu.be/Zg7tRh0k_a8\
\
How to setup Steam etc.: \
https://howtomarketagame.com/2021/04/19/yes-you-need-to-create-a-steam-page-right-now/\
\
How to Make a Steam Page\
https://www.progamemarketing.com/p/howtomakeasteampage\
\
\
\
Steam Calculation \
https://letsmakeagame.net/steam-game-revenue-calculator/\
\
https://newsletter.gamediscover.co/p/steam-the-state-of-long-tail-revenue?s=r\
\
Comic Illustration Artist\
https://www.facebook.com/claudya.schmidt\
\
Art Direction: \
Dead Cells: Return to Castlevania\
\
\
Art: \
Manga und Doujin:\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.deviantart.com/mightyotaking"}}{\fldrslt MightyOtaking - Professional, Filmographer | DeviantArt}}\
\
\
Learnings: \
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.gamedeveloper.com/blogs/what-can-we-learn-from-the-1-600-highest-earning-indie-developers-on-steam-?fbclid=IwAR2-Hveskrd_xkwW9mzEsHNncUFlcaQCgMmnZBr-lCQPnGcsssHP3ftTzRU"}}{\fldrslt What can we learn from the\
 1,600 highest earning indie developers on Steam? (gamedeveloper.com)}}\
\
Roundup of shootemups\
https://gamicus.fandom.com/wiki/Shoot_%27em_up_video_games?fbclid=IwAR07qljoL47gjaSg0gAY7fzK_MpBQfj2CYQYwT04mNvo4krqIDifzduyvf4\
\
Teut Weidemann: Product Positioning \
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=muh-GhCa1jc\
\
Teut Weidemann: Learnings from 35 y in the industry\
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ebOrJfOVECU\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
https://www.pcgamer.com/nobodys-selling-classic-games-on-steam-the-right-way/?utm_medium=social&utm_campaign=socialflow&utm_source=facebook.com&fbclid=IwAR29RZDDuPD3OaRi4rldkcPbDXpZlfSi4kjKADGMXfEnzc2qxe88d9jumNQ\
\
\
\
Coaching and consulting for Self-publishing development studios \
Richie \
https://www.bearknuckle.org/\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs28 \cf4 Business Development for Self-Publishing Studios and Developers\

\itap1\trowd \taflags0 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trcbpat3 \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil \tapadt200 \trpadl200 \tapadb200 \trpadr200 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2680\clftsWidth3 \clmart10 \clmarl10 \clmarb10 \clmarr10 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl0 \clpadb200 \clpadr0 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth5384\clftsWidth3 \clmart10 \clmarl10 \clmarb10 \clmarr10 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl0 \clpadb200 \clpadr0 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f3\b \cf5 \cb1 Speaker(s):
\f1\b0 \cf4 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 Lucas Pessoa de Freitas, Richie de Wit\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags0 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trcbpat3 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil \tapadt200 \trpadl200 \tapadb200 \trpadr200 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2680\clftsWidth3 \clmart10 \clmarl10 \clmarb10 \clmarr10 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl0 \clpadb200 \clpadr0 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth5384\clftsWidth3 \clmart10 \clmarl10 \clmarb10 \clmarr10 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl0 \clpadb200 \clpadr0 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f3\b \cf5 Company Name(s):
\f1\b0 \cf4 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 Robot Teddy, Bear Knuckle, Raw Fury\cell \lastrow\row
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs30 \cf2 \cb3 https://www.gdcvault.com/play/1029176/Independent-Games-Summit-Business-Development\
\
\
Betatester f\'fcr RP3: \
\
Aus Facebook-Chat mit Robin L\'f6sch: \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf6 \cb7 Stefan instinske und sein Kumpel Steffen, die spielen reshootr regelm\'e4\'dfig durch bei uns\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Tony Aksnes, siehe Facebook-Chat\
\
\
Digitaler Vertrieb: \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.indiexpo.net/de"}}{\fldrslt 
\f4\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf8 \cb1 \ul \ulc8 indiexpo}}
\f4\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://itch.io/"}}{\fldrslt \cf8 \ul \ulc8 itch.io}}\cf8 \ul \ulc8 \
\
\
Marketing: \
Release auf Amiga37\
Signierstunde Robin L\'f6sch (Facebook Kontakt) \
Exklusice Demo f\'fcr Patreon\
\
Sources: \
\
Some ships (maybe)\
https://www.deviantart.com/mshadowy/art/Shadowyards-Spritesheet-as-of-4-22-18-741603399\
\
\
\
Retro-Influencers (untested) \
The 8 Bit Guy\
Crazy Burger\
Triple Jump\
\
(Ask Stuart Chiplin/Koch Media for contacts)\
\
\
Music				Title									MemTotal		\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs24 \cf0 \ulnone Intro,Title			proximaTitleFinal 							193
\f4\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf8 \ul \

\f1\fs24 \cf0 \ulnone Stage0 (sky)		proxima_in-rmx4_lp			boss3_test		219
\f4\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf8 \ul \

\f1\fs24 \cf0 \ulnone Stage1 (sun)	 	proxima5_v2 (Guitarpiece)		boss5_v2		321
\f4\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf8 \ul \

\f1\fs24 \cf0 \ulnone Stage2 (metal desert)	proxima1_v3_4				boss1_v2_2	187\
Stage3 (submarine)	proxima4_v1 				boss3_test		205\
Stage4 (dino)		proxima3_v1				proxima_afro	311\
Stage5 (outro)		outro_softquit							328	\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f4\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf8 \ul \
Credits: \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs24 \cf0 \ulnone With the dream of Reshoot Proxima III almost ready, was time to reflect on my recent Amiga Journey.\'a0\'a0\
I have been honoured to be working with the following people on games or special projects:\'a0 (Richard, Mcgeezer, Nivirg, Peter, Dan, Martin, Gunnar, Matthew, Trevor, Fleecy, Mixel, 10Marc, Sandruzzo, James)\
Special mentions also go to anyone who has given praise or supported any of the projects I have been involved in.\'a0 In reality if you have communicated to me in some way in the Amiga scene. To everyone else who pushes\
the Amiga scene further, I thank you\'a0sincerely, from the social bloggers, to hardware specialists, coders, musicians and indeed other artists, it is you who help inspire the rest of use to make the scene\'a0even brighter. Amiga Forever.\
\
Kevin Saunders | Invent\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs26 \cf0 I want to thank these people from the heart: Miriam, Franziska, Maximilian, Sammy, Bert, Senad, Tuomas, Christian, Benny, Jochen, Bernd, Christian, Lars, Mitch, Volker, Jens, Kevin and Richard \'96 you are all awesome!\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f4\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf8 \ul \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs24 \cf0 \ulnone Martin Ahman | Altraz\
\
\
\
Websites: \
How to Pitch (Raw Fury)\
https://lootlocker.com/blog/pitching-publishers-the-right-way\
\
GDC Solo Developer - Myths and Strategies\
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YaUdstkv1RE\
\
GDC The Raw Numbers behind Indie success\
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0A4ILaNWaL4\
\
Dialogue example from chat with ChatGP\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs22 \cf9 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Certainly, here is an example of shorter dialogue with the main villain:\
Hero: "Who are you and why are you attacking us?"\
Villain: "I am the leader of the Zorgonians. We are a superior race and it is our right to conquer and enslave those who are weaker than us."\
Hero: "That's a load of crap. No one has the right to invade and harm others like this. I won't let you get away with it."\
Villain: "Ha! You are no match for me and my army. Surrender now and perhaps I will show mercy on you and your planet."\
Hero: "I'll never surrender to the likes of you. I'll fight to the end to protect my home and my people."\
Villain: "Suit yourself. But your resistance will be futile. Our victory is inevitable."\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs24 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs22 \cf9 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Hero: "Who are you and why are you attacking us?"\
Villain: "I am the leader of the Zorgonian fleet. We are a superior race and it is our right to conquer and claim resources from other planets."\
Hero: "That's a load of crap. Every living being has the right to defend their home and their people. You can't just invade and destroy without consequences."\
Villain: "Ha! Your primitive emotions will be your downfall. Surrender now and maybe I will show mercy on your planet."\
Hero: "I'll never surrender to a bully like you. We'll fight to the end to protect what's ours."\
Villain: "Suit yourself. But know that your resistance is futile. My army will crush you and your planet will be ours."\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f4\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf8 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs22 \cf9 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \ulnone Certainly, here is an example of shorter, more aggressive dialogue:\
Hero: "What do you want?"\
Villain: "I want what is rightfully mine. Your planet and its resources will soon belong to the Zorgonian empire."\
Hero: "You'll never get away with this. We'll fight to the death to protect our home."\
Villain: "Your death will be quick and painless compared to the suffering your planet will endure under my rule."\
Hero: "You're a monster. We won't let you win."\
Villain: "We'll see about that. Prepare to be defeated."\
\
Hero: "What do you want from us?"\
Villain: "Your planet and its resources will make a fine addition to our empire."\
Hero: "Over my dead body."\
Villain: "If that is what it takes. Surrender now and perhaps I will show mercy."\
Hero: "I'd rather die than be your slave. We will fight to the end."\
Villain: "Very well. Your fate is sealed."\
\uc0\u8232 Hero: "What manner of creature are you, to attack us unprovoked?"\
Villain: "I am the mighty Zorgax, leader of the Zorgonian horde. Your puny planet and its resources will make a fine addition to our collection."\
Hero: "You will find no surrender here. We will fight to defend our home and our people."\
Villain: "Your resistance is futile. Surrender now and perhaps I will show mercy on your world."\
Hero: "We will never bow to the likes of you. We will fight to the last breath to protect what is ours."\
Villain: "So be it. Your doom is upon you."\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f4\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf8 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \
}